angry or hurt
transcript
my friend, i feel you right now. you are angry. i know
that feeling. i'm so 81ad you checked in with me.
sometimes if you just have a moment, a beat, a
step away, a get gabby moment, you can redirect
everything. you can change the course of your
day. you can just let 80 a little bit more. maybe
somebody's pissed you off. maybe you're fighting
with somebody, whatever that might be, i want you
to know that there is a simple path to let it 80. there
are magic words that you can use.
i've written 10 self-help books and nothing beats
these two words. right now i just want you to say it
out loud, i feel... (say whatever it is).
i feel angry, i feel mad, i feel frustrated, i feel
outraged. get it out. what do you feel right now? just
put it out into the air. just put it out there.
maybe you want to write it down. maybe you just
want to get it out. give yourself full permission
with me right now to express your feelings loud
and proud. and when you start to experience that
feeling in your body and you start to allow it to be
there and not judge it, just be with it, you can bring
it to somebody else. you can allow someone in on
how you're feeling.
these two words are enough to diffuse the drama.
these two words are your way of caring for yourself
in the moment. these two words are enough to
make sure that you are taking care of whatever
feelings are comin8 up for you.
when we care for our feelings, we can release
resentments, we can feel less hurt and we can know
that we are on the path to having our needs met
by ourselves and having a greater opportunity for
communication.
so get your feels out, my friend. go say it. "i feel this.
i feel that. i feel this. i feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel,
feel, feel." and then when you're feeling a little bit
more relaxed and a little bit more centered, you
can share those feelings with whomever it is that
has pissed you off. get your feelings out and speak
your truth. speak your authentic truth about how
you feel and you can resolve all boundaries with
that truth.
