manicure meditation
transcript
manicure & self-care meditation
hello, my friend. welcome to your manicure
meditation. whether you're getting a professional
manicure or you're pampering yourself by doing
your own nails, which i tend to do from time to
time, this meditation is about creating a moment
for self-care. this is a time to truly unwind, to
relax, to Ft away from it all. make the most out
of this self-care time and dive into the manicure
meditation.
sittin8 comfortably in your chair, gently close your
eyes, noticing whatever you're feeling in this day,
in this moment, and just allowing yourself to be
present with those feelings now.
breathe in. breathe out.
breathe in. breathe out.
8ive yourself permission ri8ht now to be still for
a moment. breathe that in and let that go. give
yourself permission to take this time for yourself.

breathe in. breathe out.
allow yourself to be present with whatever feelings,
emotions, or physical sensations might be coming
up for you right now. just breathe into it. give the
feelings and the thoughts and the sensations just a
little bit of breath.
breathe in. breathe out.
breathe in. breathe out.
breathe in. breathe out.
allow yourself to let 80 of your surroundings now.
relax into your chair, enioyin8 this time for yourself,
this sacred time. take a deep breath in and breathe
into that space in your body where you feel a sense
of calm, and let that 80.
breathe in. breathe out.

giving yourself more permission now to relax. to
connect inward, to let go of the day. let 80 of the
drama. let 80 of the fears of the world. in this
moment, give yourself space to breathe.
breathe in. breathe out.
give breath to your feelings, to any incessant
thoughts, big emotions. just allow it all to be present
with you as you breathe.
breathe in. breathe out.
breathe in. breathe out.
breathe in. breathe out.
gently allow this breath practice to take over. let the
music guide you. give yourself this time for deep
relaxation.

gently wiggle your toes. come back into your body.
breathe in deeply, and exhale completely.
take one last deep breath in and release. when
you're ready, open your eyes to your beautiful
nails.
enjoy the rest of your day.
