parenting stress
transcript
i feel like i created this get gabby for myself, and i'm I
actually going to play it daily and remind myself
how to come back to sanity when my young child
is pulling my pants down in the kitchen or being
very physically aggressive with me or having a
tantrum ... we know it. you know it. you know what's
up. even your teena8e children have tantrums.
so if you have a child who's kind of making you nuts
or really activating you, the first thing to recognize
is that the only way to deactivate their high-intense
emotions is to be steady in your own.
now, this isn't always easy, especially in my
situation, like my kid is often very physical with me.
so it's not always easy to stay steady in moments
when you're being physically jumped by a child. but
really recognizing that our steadiness is a form of
regulation for our children.
so one of the things that i have been practicing,
and i'm 80nna keep reminding myself with this Ft
gabby, is when my child is activating me, i'll name
it, i'll name the feeling. and what this does is first for
me gives me some relief because i've set it free, out
loud, and i've spoken my truth. and then there's this
other beautiful part that happens, is that it allows
me to show him that it's safe to speak our feelings.
it's safe to be clear about what it is that's coming up
for us.
so i'll say something like, "i'm feeling very frustrated
right now. i'm feeling very angry. i'm feeling like i
might lose my cool." and giving them the modeling
of expressing our feelings in the moment, one,
teaches them how to do this and two, allows us
to have our voice rather than screaming and
reprimanding.
now, this may not always work, but what it does is it
starts to create a new pattern. i am feeling this right
now. this is making me feel this way.
and by being in that place we're actually grounding
our own energy. we can take a deep breath. we can
feel a sensation of the feeling that we are feeling in
that moment and let it through us. breathe it in and
let it out. breathe it in and let it out. and saying, "i'm
frustrated right now. i'm angry right now."
and this feeling that we express is a simple act of
self-awareness that allows us to be more equipped
to show up for that feeling in the moment and
also regulate our child by stayin8 centered and
grounded and at the same time teaching them
that it's safe to speak for their emotions and their
feelings, and that that is conflict resolution, sharing
your emotions and your feelings in a calm and
centered way.
now, of course, you're gonna flip out, you're gonna
have moments where you may do things you don't
like, maybe you're mad at yourself later for yelling.
you can repair. you can always 80 back and repair.
and that repair could just say, you know, "mommy's
sorry because i raised my voice, but i want you to
know i was still feeling this way," or, "my reaction
was really scary, i know that, but i also want you to
know this is my feeling."
and so expressing your feelings and trusting that
that is a model for them to know that they have the
power to express their feelings in the moment too.
good luck with this one, guys.