release judgment
transcript
all right, my friend, you just pressed play on a get
gabby that said that you wanted to stop iud8in8,
that you needed to release some judgment. oh, i aml
very familiar with this topic.
i spent a year of my life writing a book called
"iudgment detox." i'm no stranger to judgment, and
what i have found is that oftentimes when we're
iud8in8 others, weire actually iud8in8 from a place
that is a disowned part of our own shadow. often
the things that we judge in others reflect within us
feelings of inadequacy or feelings of our own inner
turmoil or issues in our life that we may not have
addressed yet.
and so i want you to just take a moment to become
slightly curious about this judgment and focus
your attention inward rather than outward on the
other person. noticing inside you, what does that
feeling of judgment feel like? and what might it be
masking? just ask. ask the iud8ment what mi8ht
you be masking? what feelings inside of me might
you be protecting against? and just notice anything
that comes through for you in this moment with that
curiosity, these simple questions.
what is it behind this judgment that is potentially
something within me? and oftentimes you'll hear
something that is really mind-blowing. maybe
you're going to hear something that says, "i feel
like i'm not good enough," or "i feel angry because
i didn't have that growing up and somebody else
does," or "i'm judging them because they've judged
me." noticing your part in this judgment.
this cycle has the power to help you grow and learn
from the experience, to witness your judgments
without judgment, and use them as a way of
reframing them into an opportunity for your own
healing. judgment of others is offen a reflection of a
disowned part of our own shadow, something that
we still may need to focus some attention towards.
a part of us that needs some support, a part of us
that needs some love.
so if you can name it now, oh, that's a part of me
that feels inadequate, or that's a part of me that
feels judged, or that's a part of me that wants to
judge so i don't have to feel anything, whatever you
notice, you notice. take it in, and now close your
eyes and let me say this prayer for you. thank you,
universe, for helping me release this judgment. i
choose to pray for this person to have everything i
desire for myself. i choose to pray for this person to
have everything i desire for myself.
this simple prayer can release the judgment, can
release the attack, and let the universe open you
up to creative possibilities for healing yourself and
releasing the bondage of judgment. so just take
that practice with you wherever you 80, witness
this judgment throughout the day without more
judgment, and trust that this prayer will guide you.