stuck in negative thoughts
transcript
hi there. so you've got some negative thoughts on
repeat. hey. yep. i know that. i think so many of us
just walk around with the same negative thoughts
all day, every day. we have 60,000 thoughts a day,
and most of them are super negative. let's use
my choose again method right now to clear that
ne8ative thou8ht, to just bust it out and to start to
choose a different thought instead. let's do it right
now.
so i want you to just take a moment to notice the
thought. notice the thought that you have on
repeat. notice how it makes you feel in your body.
just notice it. what's coming up around it? notice it.
the second step is, i want you to forgive yourself for
having the thought. just see it as another thought
that you keep thinking. forgive yourself for choosing
it. forgive yourself for hooking into it. you can even
just say to yourself, "okay, there's that thought
that i keep thinkin8. i don't have to hold onto it."
you can even say, "i forgive the thought." forgiving
yourself for getting hooked into that thought allows
you to rec08nize that it's not who you are. it's just
a thou8ht that you keep thinking. forgive it, and
release it.
now, the third step is to choose again. this is the
fun step. i want you to start to reach for the next
best feeling thought. so maybe the next best feeling
thought is, "oh, it feels 800d to be here with gabby.
and i have a lot of gabby meditations i can just
tap in to right now. and i have all these resources."
and just keep reaching and reaching and reaching
for the next best feeling thought. and allow your
thou8hts to start to gain momentum around better
feeling vibrational thoughts. so reach and reach
and reach, and continue to just lean into those high
vibe thoughts.
if your negative thought comes up again throughout
the day, come back to this get gabby and i can help
you. or just do it on your own. notice the thought,
for8ive the thought, and start choosin8 again.
reaching for the next best feeling thought. once you
start choosing thoughts that make you feel better,
i want you to just keep reaching for more. because
the more energy and momentum we get behind the
good feeling thoughts, the more we can release our
attachment to the ne8ative thoughts.
let this practice be something you use over and
over and over again. let it become habitual, and
your life will change. i hope you're feeling better.