super triggered
transcript
well, hello my friend. okay, you're triggered. i 80t
you. i 80t you triæered. ouch. i hate it. but there
is a absolute way out. i'm going to guide you in a
practice right now that's going to help you get to
know who's inside right now. this practice is based
on internal family systems therapy, and it's a
practice that i use every single day.
often, when we get triggered, it's a younger part of
us that's activated. so let's just take a moment to
just be a little curious and connect to that younger
part inside of you and just hear what it needs.
just bear with me and close your eyes for a moment
if you're not driving, place your hand on your heart
and your hand on your belly. turn your attention
inward. notice that triggered feeling. what does it
feel like? does it have a color, a shape?
now, let's get to know it more. what do you know
about this triggered part of you? what do you know?
do you know how old it is? do you know if it has a
gender? are there any images or storylines that are
coming to you? any thoughts, words? what do you
know about this part of you? becoming more and
more curious, just asking, what do i know about this
feeling? what do i know about this part of me?
and as soon as you feel a little bit connected to
that triggered part with a little bit more knowledge
of who's inside, ask that part of you: what do you
need right now? what do you need right now? often
these younger triggered parts of us will say, i need
to dance. i need to lie down and rest. i need to play.
don't judge what the voice inside of you is saying.
trust that it's really grateful to be seen and give it
your presence so that you can really hear what that
triggered young part of you really needs right now.
take a deep breath and let that 80. and extend
some compassion to that younger part of you.
extend a little bit more connection through your
breath. generate some calm energy with a deep
breath in and a deep breath out. listening to that
voice inside 8ives it permission to settle, to feel
seen, to take the next right action.
keep connecting to this young part of you
throughout the day, and just make sure you're
giving it what it needs. that curiosity and that
connection, and that compassion, the courage to
look inward. trust that all the love and compassion
that part of you needs is right here, right now. take
a deep breath in and let it 80. and notice the shifts
inside your body.